brianzou03
Brian
Zou
Brian Zou
Co-Founder at Stealth Startup
Social Entrepreneurship meets Technology
Hi! I’m Brian Zou, a Computer Science student at NYU (Class of '25) and a software engineer with experience developing software in everything from startups to Fortune 500 firms.

Throughout the majority of my Computer Science journey, I thought I was going to be a software engineer at a big tech company. However, through my various ventures in leadership and management, I have come to learn how positive leadership and management can be the key to successful initiatives. 

I have been fortunate enough to serve as the Chief Technology Officer at two individual startups, a software engineer intern at a Fortune 500 financial firm, President of a non-profit organization, and a Director in the NYU Commuter Student Council. 

I am an advocate for positive social and societal change through technology. I hope to combine my technical background, leadership experience, and interest in social entrepreneurship to bring about the latest exciting headlines in social impact!

In the future, I plan to spearhead social entrepreneurship initiatives and non-profit initiatives to bring about positive social change in topics like human rights, sustainable energy, and other important fields.

I'm always open to connecting with new people, you can reach me at brianzou03@gmail.com!
US
United States
New York
New York
Stealth Startup
Co-Founder
Building with support from:
• PropelAuth Starting Line
• Headstarter AI
• Google for Startups Cloud program
BobaTalks
Mentor
• Mentored high school students on the college admissions process and tech internship applications
• Reviewed resumes and provided resources to students on their application journey
New York University
Director of Programming at the NYU Commuter Student Council
• Lead and hosted various events, including sessions on transportation, public safety, and childcare.
• Coordinated with Tandon Director of Programming and Director of Finance to create events.
New York, United States
STEMPOWERed
Board Member
• Managed development operations, providing resources and frameworks for projects and events
• Strategized planning for organization initiative, such as tutoring via SchoolHouse
4Human Corporation
President
• Served as the President of the 501(c)(3) non-profit, overseeing all operations including HR, Technology, Finances, and more.
• Led a team of 60+ members in development operations, structuring organization, and outreach.
New York, NY
Prudential Financial
Software Engineer Intern
• DevOps
• Java Spring Boot
• Identity Access Management
• Notification API
• Email template engine
• Secrets management / HashiCorp vault
Newark, New Jersey, United States
Wyzant
Private Tutor
• Delivered computer science sessions to students resulting in positive grade improvements
• Helped students develop strong technical problem solving and critical thinking skills
New York, NY
Prudential Financial
Software Engineer Intern
• Developed and deployed a payload service, boosting team efficiency by 150%
• Automated access to S3 buckets and interface to modify data payloads
Newark, New Jersey, United States
CoArt.tech
Chief Technology Officer
• Prototyped the stable diffusion based art distribution platform
• Developed framework for platform, featuring demo art generation and upload/download from database
• Participated in the NYU Startup Bootcamp
New York, NY
AiTudier
Chief Technology Officer
[Acquired]
• Hired and led a team of 20 software engineer interns in developing a LMS platform
• Developed and deployed functional LMS platform to AWS, successfully meeting client deadlines
remote
Computer Science
Bachelor of Arts - BA
New York University
Minor: Creative Writing
Honors: Dean's list 2021-2022, 2022-2023
3.83/4.0
• NYU Commuter Student Council (Director of Programming)
• NYU Student Government Assembly (Sustainability, Student Technology, and Operations committees)
• CAB25
• Tech@NYU
• BUGS Open Source
• Data Science Club
• HackNYU (2022)
NYU Student Government Assembly
Sustainability Committee
Worked with committee to develop sustainable initiatives on campus
NYU Student Government Assembly
Student Technology Committee
NYU Commuter Student Council
Director of Programming
• Lead and hosted various events, including sessions on transportation, public safety, and childcare.
• Coordinated with Tandon Director of Programming and Director of Finance to create events.
Dean’s List
Award for academic performance. Received in 2021-2022, 2022-2023.
SPPOA Scholarship Recipient
South Pasadena Police Officers' Association
Merit based scholarship given to one recipient a year for outstanding academic and extracurricular performance.
National Merit Commended Scholar
College Board
The National Merit Commended Scholar award is granted to those who score in the top 1-2% of PSAT scores for 2020.
PruSERV the Environment
Prudential Intern Hackathon 2024 - Team Prufessionals
Sustainable investment platform - tracks eco-friendliness of stocks and suggests alternative stocks based on carbon emissions metrics
IAG x Morgan Stanley Stock Pitch Competition
• Performed extensive industry research via Bloomberg terminal for stock selection strategy
• Ran Monte Carlo simulations to model lithium price projections
• Used DCF and analysis of comparable companies to forecast ALB valuations
• Created a comprehensive pitch deck that detailed the business and industry analysis alongside three investment theses
DNA Sequencing
• Developed a Python DNA Sequencer that classifies species given a DNA sequence.
• Sequencer encodes DNA strands, then feeds k-mer to the sklearn model to resolve gaps within DNA.
• Integrated a separate DNA classifier model based on the Multinomial Naives Baives model.
Plotly Dashboard
• Created an interactive dashboard using Plotly Dash, Flask framework, and data from MySQL.
• Application takes data from MySQL table and writes to CSV file, which are then processed by Dash.
Selenium Web Scraper
• Constructed a Python Selenium web scraper to gather data from the clothing website Pacsun.com. 
• The user is able to view the product information via a query to the API, hosted on PostGreSQL.
Founder, President
Human Rights
4Human Corporation
• Served as the President of the 501(c)(3) non-profit, overseeing all operations including HR, Technology, Finances, and more.
• Led a team of 60+ members in project development, organization structuring, and hiring volunteers.
• Expanded LinkedIn outreach to reach more than 1000+ page followers.
Mentor
Education
BobaTalks
• Mentored high school students on the college admissions process and tech internship applications
• Reviewed resumes and provided resources to students on their application journey
Board Member
Education
STEMPOWERed
Business Analysis & Process Management
MEQ942Q6LZ7H
coursera.org
Coursera
Introduction to Project Management
39XDS38WBCXU
coursera.org
Coursera
Principles of Management
56RSUG4VJ9P5
coursera.org
John Hopkins University
Microsoft Excel Training (Sponsored by Prudential)
fe.training
Financial Edge Training
Social Impact Strategy: Tools for Entrepreneurs and Innovators
F797G394NHVP
coursera.org
School of Social Policy & Practice at the University of Pennsylvania
Social Entrepreneurship
RCRGRNYLZ7SL
coursera.org
University of Pennsylvania
Bloomberg Market Concepts
Xoxyz4hVKnCgBxm8q2VoL2rM
bloombergforeducation.com
Bloomberg
Muzzammil Nawab
DevOps + SRE @ MLH & Meta | AI Dev @ Outlier | BS, Computer Science Student @ UTD
Gia Mazza
Software Engineering Intern at Prudential | Computer Science and Mathematics Student at Lafayette College
Deyby Rodriguez
Returning SWE Intern @Prudential | Full Stack Web Developer | CS @ CUNY Hunter
Carly Hubert
Computer Science Student at Duke University | SWE Intern at Prudential
Vaidehi Chaudhari
Software Engineer @Prudential Financial | MS CE @NYU 
Jack Chen
CS @ NYU | Co-Founder @ Albuddy
Diamond Thlang
Math+CS & Sociology @ Stanford | Data Science @ Prudential
Benjamin Guerrieri
SWE Intern @ Prudential Financial
Syed Ali Haider
CS @ NYU
Elias Castro
Student at Cornell University | College of Engineering | Class of 2026
Class Activities Board of 2025
NYU Venture Community
